# Code generator based workflow engine prototype for PASS models

This prototype aims to execute PASS models in a prototypical manner and is not suited for any kind of productive use.

Currently the supported elements are:
- FullySpecifiedSubjects
- Messages without priorities
- Business Objects (Data Mappings, only integers, strings and date data types)
- Send-states with one outgoing Message
- Receive-states without priorities
- Do-states as user interaction
- DayTimeTimerTransition and TimerTransition

## Code structure

## Management interface
The management interface exhibits a simple folder structure generated by the django framework.
The actual code can be found in the .\ManagementInterface\MAfrontend\sbpmfrontend folder and consists of various python files as well as templates.
Besides the basic django structure, the code generator as well as the runner scripts are located there.

## Server side actor system

The server folder consists of the director and IO actor source code as well as a startup script for the actorsystem.

## Installation steps for the prototype
This manual assumes a working installation of Docker and Docker-Compose (Podman could work, but is not tested). To start the Prototype just run
```cmd
docker-compose up
```
The prototype will run in foreground and is available via http://127.0.0.1:8081. To stop the prototype, just use ctrl+C.

For manual installation, the process is described in the Dockerfiles referenced within the docker compose file and can be reproduced on a linux machine as well (additionally the actor system address the runner connects to has to be changed in ManagementInterface/MAfrontend/sbpmfrontend/runner.py).

## Important aspects
Within the docker compose file, a default user is specified. Please change accordingly. Furthermore, the application runs with Debug mode enabled to enable the Django admin interface available under http://127.0.0.1:8081/admin/.
For LDAP integration please refer to the code in /ManagementInterface/MAfrontend/MAfrontend/settings.py and configure it accordingly (documentation of the module used can be found here: https://django-auth-ldap.readthedocs.io/en/4.6.0/).
